# Enabling customers to optimally use their LS-connection

## Use-case ID: SAM-SO-0002

## Description: 
AS:
- DSO System Operation Manager

I WANT: 
1. to provide the information to customers about their momentary and near future maximum safe transport capacity limit**S**. (average consumption and average generation power limit per 5 minutes or better).
2. to have a trustfull continuously running assessement if customers remain within their up-to-date limits and receive an event if violation is detected.
    
SO THAT: 
1. I can offer each customer maximal energy transport without increase on outages and voltage problems.
2. I can offer each customer to offer temporary non-used energy transport rights to grid-connectivity-determined other customers.
3. I can keep track on the quality of my T-prognosis to my TSO.
4. I enable market entities to optimze their services and exploit new services within the safe limits. (e.g. in combination of (2) )
5. I can avoide peak-loads, so that I can optimize my investments in the reinforcement of the grid and have positive effects on makeability. 

EXAMPLES (country / DSO specific): 
1. Home Energy Management System is integrated with the SAM infrastructure or even part of it. It can share the limits, control on it and validate it with official and accepted measurements from the E-meter.
2. The SAM infra offers to check-out non used transport-rights and offer it to others (customers / market).


## Pre-conditions:
1. DSO is capable to calculate and publish limits per connection.
2. SAM architecture is capable to integrate with Home Energy Management Systems as internal or external application.
3. SAM architecture is capable to manage different (time) frequencies in sharing capacity limits and violation notifications. 


## Post-conditions:
1. DSO is capable to act on violations to keep energy system safe







